docs update (#1571)
zio/zio: docs/getting_started.md

    } yield ()
}
```
`run` should return a ZIO value which has all its errors handled,  

> which, in zio parlance, is aka an unexceptional ZIO value.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which, in ZIO parlance, is an unexceptional ZIO value.  
```

> One way to do that, is to invoke `fold` over a ZIO value, to get an unexceptional ZIO value  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One way to do that, is to invoke `fold` over a ZIO value, to get an unexceptional ZIO value.
```

> That requires two handler functions, one `eh: E => B`, other `ah: A => B`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That requires two handler functions: `eh: E => B` and `ah: A => B`.
```

> If myAppLogic fails, `eh` will be used to get from e:E to b:B  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If myAppLogic fails, `eh` will be used to get from `e: E` to `b: B`;
```

> if it suceeds, `ah` will be used to get from a:A to b:B  

Reviewer 2: typo: `succeeds`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if it succeeds, `ah` will be used to get from `a: A` to `b: B`. 
```

> if it suceeds, `ah` will be used to get from a:A to b:B  

Reviewer 2: Maybe for a nicer flow start all sentences with an uppercase letter and end with a dot e.g. "If it succeeds, `ah` will be used to get from a:A to b:B."

Author: This is a bit custom philosophy. 'Fullstop capital letter' sentence breaking pattern is used if it's deemed to be more meaningful. But here, I didn't intend to break the sentence, and yet give a pause, without making the sentence look too long. Hence ..

> myAppLogic, as folded above, produces a unexceptional ZIO value, with B being Int  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`myAppLogic`, as folded above, produces an unexceptional ZIO value, with `B` being `Int`.  
```

> If myAppLogic fails, (for whatever reasons), there will be a 1, it it succeeds, there will be a 0  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `myAppLogic` fails, there will be a 1; if it succeeds, there will be a 0.
```
